Are you sure about that?
There's a meeting coming up soon.
Can you take responsibility if something goes wrong?
I'm sure I did it.
5Am
Processed all the data
The report has been completed.
Are you all here?
Come to the conference room for a meeting
All the data reports you were asked to do were done
It's done.
Yeah, might as well.
detailed data
No mistakes or omissions
The analysis is also well-founded
It's a very high-quality report.
Who did it? Of course it was Shanshan.
Manager Chen
Shanshan's work ability is too strong
There is no time.
You've processed all the data.
What kind of reports do they put together?
Is it Shanshan?
You said earlier that you have this ability
I made you the head of the department directly
What are you doing as an intern?
Manager Chen
I also want to start at the grassroots level
Supervisor from the beginning
There will definitely be people who are not convinced